docs: improve GitHub setup for local development (#241)
Nix-Security-WG/nix-security-tracker: README.md

   sudo nixos-container run nix-security-tracker -- systemctl start web-security-tracker.service
   ```

### Create Django secret key

```console
python3 -c 'import secrets; print(secrets.token_hex(100))' > .credentials/SECRET_KEY
```

### Set up GitHub authentication

1. Create a new or select an existing GitHub organisation to associate with the application

> - In the organisation settings, under **Personal access tokens** go through the questionnaire to allow personal access tokens.
> - Create two teams being named `security` and `nixpkgs-committers`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - In the **Settings** tab under **Personal access tokens**, ensure that personal access tokens are allowed.
   - In the **Teams** tab, ensure there are at least two teams that will correspond to [`nixpkgs-committers`](https://github.com/orgs/nixos/teams/nixpkgs-committers) and [`security`](https://github.com/orgs/nixos/teams/security)

    These teams will be used for mapping user permissions.
    The actual names are arbitrary and can be configured in the service settings.
```

     Store the value in `.credentials/GH_SECRET`

You currently need the credentials for starting the backend, as it tries to list team memberships on startup.

> To still skip this step, set any values for secrets required by the server:

Reviewer: Won't that fail? https://github.com/Nix-Security-WG/nix-security-tracker/issues/239

Tested. This will fail without credentials, and this is exactly why you need an access token with members read access.

Author: Yeah so I guess it would be better to delete the section and make token generation mandatory?

Reviewer: Yes
